Experimental plugin extending the filter syntax with a select attribute 
tentively called 'in'. 

The plugin was created with on-demand loading in mind. As
the normal behavior of a TiddlyWiki is to initially load all tiddlers 
listed in the tiddler DefaulTiddlers, an example usage might be:

	select=in:DefaultTiddlers

This selects all tiddlers referenced in DefaultTiddlers as well as
DefaultTiddlers itself.
 
Note: The tiddler name passed in the query (in this case DefaultTiddlers)
is later referred to as the 'condition tiddler' or 'parent tiddler'.

This plugin deviates a bit from normal filter behavior. Instead
of taking an attribute related to a tiddler's meta data (such as
title, tag, etc.), this filter actually takes a tiddler name as 
a condition, retrieves that tiddler from the store, and filters all 
other tiddlers based on the contents of the retrieved condition tiddler.

In other words this is not a meta data based filter... 

so it's not a perfect logical fit as an extension of the 
select filter syntax; but for now it has been implemented as one. 
One benefit of doing it this way is that it can be used as
part of an mselect query.

Issues:

The first task of this plugin is to get the condition (or parent) 
tiddler from the store so its contents can be parsed for links to other tiddlers.

Getting the parent from the store can be problematic. 
It needs to be retrieved from a bag. Logically this
would be whatever bag, or bags, are being filtered. But filters don't
have direct access to this information so the plugin currently 
figures it out by looking at the bag field of the tiddlers being filtered.

However, an issue arises in certain cases when this filter is used on a recipe;
specifically when there are multiple versions of a parent tiddler
across several bags in the recipe. 

In TiddlyWeb recipes are "uniquified". If the same tiddler
exists in multiple bags, a recipe uses only the one from the
last bag listed in the recipe. The correct behavior for this 
filter would be to choose the same tiddler that is used by the recipe.
That would require knowing from the start which bags are in the 
recipe and in what order.

-Oveek
